Add entities to Roborock documentation (#28521)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/roborock.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Entities

> Roborock devices have a variety of features that are supported on some devices but not others, only entities that your device supports will be added to your integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roborock devices have a variety of features that are supported on some devices but not on others. Only entities that your device supports will be added to your integration.
```

### Vacuum

> The vacuum entity holds the ability to control most theiongs the vacuum can do, such as start a clean, return to the dock, or set fan speed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vacuum entity holds the ability to control most things the vacuum can do, such as start a clean, return to the dock, or set the fan speed.
```

### Select

> Mop mode - Describes how to mop the floor. On some firmware, it is called 'mop route'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mop mode - Describes how to mop the floor. On some firmware, it is called 'mop route'.
```

> Mop intensity - How hard you would like your vacuum to mop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mop intensity - How hard you would like your vacuum to mop.
```

### Sensor

> Cleaning area - How much area the Vacuum has cleaned in its current run, or if the vacuum is not currently cleaning, how much area it cleaned during its last run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleaning area - How much area the vacuum has cleaned in its current run.  If the vacuum is not currently cleaning, how much area it has cleaned during its last run.
```

> Cleaning time - How long the Vacuum has been cleaning for, or if the vacuum is not currently cleaning, how long it cleaned for last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cleaning time - How long the vacuum has been cleaning for. If the vacuum is not currently cleaning, how long it cleaned for in its last run.
```

> Main brush time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your main brush

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main brush time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your main brush.
```

> Side brush time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your side brush

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Side brush time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your side brush.
```

> Filter time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your vacuum's air filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter time left - How much time is left before Roborock recommends you replace your vacuum's air filter.
```

> Status - The current status of your vacuum, this typically describes the action that is currently being run, i.e. 'spot_cleaning' or 'docking'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status - The current status of your vacuum. This typically describes the action that is currently being run. For example, 'spot_cleaning' or 'docking'.
```

> Total cleaning time - The lifetime cleaning duration of your vacuum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Total cleaning time - The lifetime cleaning duration of your vacuum.
```

> Total cleaning area - The lifetime clenaing area of your vacuum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Total cleaning area - The lifetime cleaning area of your vacuum.
```

> Vacuum error - The current error with your vacuum, if one exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vacuum error - The current error with your vacuum, if there is one.
```

### Time

> Do not disturb begin - When Do not disturb is enabled, do not run the vacuum or speak after this point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not disturb begin - When _Do not disturb_ is enabled, the vacuum does not run or speak after this point.
```

> Do not disturb end - When Do not disturb is enabled, do not run the vacuum or speak before this point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not disturb end - When _Do not disturb_ is enabled, the vacuum does not run or speak before this point.
```

### Switch

> Child lock - This disables the buttons on the vacuum from doing anything when hit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child lock - This disables the buttons on the vacuum. Nothing happens when the buttons are pushed.
```

> Status indicator light - This is the LED on the top of your vacuum that is colored based off of the status of your vacuum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status indicator light - This is the LED on the top of your vacuum. The color changes depending on the status of your vacuum.
```

> Do not disturb - This enables Do not disturb during the do not distrub time frame you have set in the app or on the time entity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not disturb - This enables _Do not disturb_ during the time frame you have set in the app or on the time entity. When _Do not disturb_ is enabled, the vacuum does not run or speak.
```

### Number

> Volume - This allows you to control the volume of the robot's voice, i.e. when it states "Starting cleaning". This allows you to set the volume to 0%, while the app limits it to 20%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volume - This allows you to control the volume of the robot's voice. For example, when it states "Starting cleaning". This allows you to set the volume to 0%, while the app limits it to 20%.
```
